[Music]
and I'm with new friends it's Monica and
Shelby what's so crazy is I I have
watched Monica's vlogs for a few months
now and then we became internet friends
and I can take out Monica and Shelby
Twitter I think is like the creative
secret society and it really is it
really is
just got my take
been to Disneyworld before I've never
been to Disney
exciting the litter me
so magical
[Music]
so apparently we're taking a secret way
apparently there is like a parade in the
show and all these things going on the
same time so we were stuck like sardines
in the entrance but now we have found a
way yes like a corndog
I was just watching in the video of when
I first came to California you owe me or
a ladder to California I like so great I
put it on my facebook yes so I am the
only Disney new
and everyone here has
and I just know nothing so they they're
showing me the ropes tell me what rides
to ride and it's so pretty with all the
light
[Music]
pretty look at it it's also been so much
fun because Amanda and I went to high
school together
so we
chatting up mountain
everyone from high school
[Music]
the fireworks are about to start
see the fireworks
they go on Oh kind of kind of like me
right right right
okay we got right here and we're
[Music]
I'm back in New York City Disneyland in
and out hanging out with old and new
friends it was amazing
after Disneyland I actually did have one
more day in California in which I hung
out with some other Cali homies
including John and a new friend Matt
John wants a Sony a new pony right now
yeah it's amazing I'm a big fan
Matt introduce yourself yes I'm mad you
may know me Provine though I'm making my
transition to get to stay tuned and
we're talking about cameras and stubble
let's go it's got a good start it's a
beautiful beautiful calla California
David I just wanted to say if you came
over from John's video
welcome to the peachy fan welcome i I
welcome you with open arms but yeah John
was really weird so I'm not really gonna
be hanging out with them anymore but
okay
just kidding ooh camera store oh
I convinced John to go go to that Sony
life took very little effort yeah watch
this and I said I want one of those guys
what an exciting day how do you feel
nervous happy excited in the past I have
given la a lot of crap just the classic
la you know others fake people then
there's too much traffic yes and yes but
every time we go back to LA I meet the
dopest people and it just it left me
very inspired I am back in the land of
New York City at what was that a word
and it feels so so good something has
been going around the YouTube sphere
lately though apparently YouTube is
broken YouTube is changing views are
going down people aren't watching people
aren't liking subscribers are big
unsubscribed to people's channels
automatically without them knowing LA so
of course people are freaking out I do
YouTube I consider myself a youtuber so
I found this very very interesting I
feel like YouTube New York when posting
to youtube it's kind of like a mind game
because every time you hit that upload
button you never know if your title if
your thumbnail is gonna be good enough
to get someone to click on your video
I'll link some videos on the description
below
PewDiePie h3h3 talking about this
problem of people being unsubscribed
from channels etc that is not good
YouTube fix that but I wanna talk about
the other side because people are
insanely insanely discouraged by this
like all the comments that I see and a
lot of videos that talk about this are
like oh man I don't even know why I
would try to make videos now if
YouTube's just screwing everything up
like what's the point bla bla uh and
that makes me sad that that makes me sad
it's 2016 content content content
content is everything if you haven't
noticed every single platform once video
there are like even Twitter Instagram
all those sort of social media platforms
but beyond that there's you know Netflix
there's Amazon there's YouTube there are
so many things video is everything and
it's everywhere and I want to reiterate
if you are a content creator I know the
word content is over you so so much keep
creating who does if YouTube is going to
be what it is five ten years down the
road video is ever evolving whether
you're a content creator whether you are
in the social media side of things like
social media marketing PR there are so
many things around and because things
are changing so much right now it's kind
of an exciting time to step back and say
okay what is working what is not working
what are the platforms coming up around
me if I'm into PR social media how can i
leverage maybe these things that are
happening to grow certain audiences
around other people when platforms
change when people get upset that
actually allows for a lot of opportunity
maybe some other platforms are gonna
take advantage of this where is that
white space on other platforms that you
can maybe utilize but also I'm not
discouraging YouTube the other times
conversation is your subscription box
tab versus the watch page when you log
on to YouTube and you're logged into
your account it automatically goes to
your watch page the videos that you see
on your watch page are like these
suggested videos that YouTube says okay
you like this video you're subscribed to
this channel let me serve you up this
video so it is a suggestion based on
your taste but it's also recommended
videos from YouTube themselves so things
that are maybe a little bit more clip
bitty that are kind of more trending on
YouTube we're gonna get served up there
but also YouTube will put in videos on
your watch page from people that you are
subscribe to personally I never click my
subscriptions tab but I always just land
on my watch page and if I see a friend
or if I see someone who I'm digging
their videos if their video is on the
watch page I will click it and I will
watch it a lot of people right now are
talking about how the watch page is
terrible it should just be your
subscription feed when you log in that
is actually where I disagree YouTube has
been around for a while it is saturated
it is so saturated so many people are
making videos so many people have
followings and
if you just focused on your subscription
tab every single time you go into
YouTube you just kind of be staying
inside your circle of creators which you
know is fine maybe for some people
however because of the watch page I have
discovered some of the coolest youtubers
that I watch right now
for example Eric Conover and Monika
church and they popped up on my watch
page I clicked on video and I found some
my favorite YouTube channels so all of
you smaller creators are people who are
wanting to get into YouTube this is
important for you a lot of you are being
discouraged by everything that is
happening but hello this serves up an
amazing opportunity people aren't just
watching the same thing over and over
and over again you have the opportunity
to create topical content to create
viral content to create something that
is trendy you know and that will maybe
hopefully pop up on people's watch pages
if it weren't for these recommended
videos and watch pages a lot of things
that I do is my tech videos which I love
love love love so much wouldn't be
surfaced around to other people to watch
well I know I have been talking for a
very very long time but long story short
YouTube stop on subbing people who
they've subscribed to and also maybe
recognize this as a opportunity if you
are a creator or in the industry
of any type and then if you're just a
viewer just make sure that you are
subscribed to all of your favorite
channels and it does help if you like
their content hit that like button cuz
YouTube does favorite activity with
videos and also if you really like
someone if you enjoy someone like me if
you like their videos hit that Bell
button by my name and you can set up the
notification so you'll get notified
whenever I post a video but that's
that's why I try to stick to my schedule
Monday Wednesday Friday so you'll know
every Monday was a Friday there will be
a new Sara deechi video and I hope to
you know continue to entertain inspire
and inform with all the stuff I put out
whether it's vlogs or it's more of my
creative entrepreneurial focus series
like create a space TV in that creative
life or if it's just my tech tutorial
videos I hope
I have something for everyone here and I
recognize that everything you know
doesn't reach the same audience so
things will vary and things are changing
but I have talked enough I hope you guys
have a fabulous fabulous day I have felt
so much love for my YouTube community
here recently
you know the youtubers I've been able to
hang out with like John Hill and Monica
and my homies Eric and Sam it's just I'm
really feeling the love and I love you
guys I love the peachy fam cuz what
makes YouTube fantastic and why I don't
want YouTube to start declining is
because of the community is because of
you guys and the conversations I get to
have with you and and that's that's my
favorite and and yeah just feelin
hashtag thankful make sure to hit that
like button and subscribe and I will see
you every Monday Wednesday Friday stay
peachy okay bye a crazy trick here I
come first drive
[Music]
yeah how'd you get that air look oh my
gosh all right we're about to do this
one more time don't care why